bpo-37883 - Added a new method doc to threading.Lock().locked() (#16420)
python/cpython: Doc/library/threading.rst

      There is no return value.

   .. method:: locked()

      Check if a lock is locked. Returns a boolean to indicate the lock status.

>       When the lock is acquired, returns true. If the lock is free returns false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Return ``True`` when the lock is locked, ``False`` otherwise.
```
